Many people equate drinking with having a good time, but at Proverbs 2332, the Bible says
that alcohol can bite like a snake.
Are there laws on drinking alcohol where you live?
If so, you could be fined, be sentenced to community service, lose your freedom to drive,
or even go to jail.
Even if none of those things happen, alcohol can lower your inhibitions, and not in a good
way.
Under the influence, you could say or do things you'll later regret.
But what if you're at a party, and unexpectedly find that some are drinking and heading for
trouble?
What would you do?
The Bible says that an intelligent person sees trouble coming and avoids it.
Stop and think.
What might happen if you stay?
How could you leave before trouble comes without inviting ridicule?
Here's a tip.
Make a plan with your parents to call or text if you need to leave early.
How about this?
What would you do if someone pressures you to drink?
At Romans 616, the Bible indicates that when you let others control your decisions, you
become their slave.
You could just follow along and let your peers rule your life, or you could give a firm
response, perhaps something like no thanks, or sorry, I'm not into that.
What if you're out with friends and realize the driver's been drinking?
According to the Bible, the person who spends time with fools will fare badly.
What could happen if you let that person drive you home?
What are their options do you have?
Try this.
Avoid situations where you'll be with a driver who has a reputation for drinking and driving.
Always have a plan B for transportation.
Remember, you don't have to drink to have a good time, and you don't have to associate
with people who think that you do.
Have the courage to think past the drink.